---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-19T09:08:14.035Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-19T09:07:33.996Z'
title: Dave Eggers Dead
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-17-b62cdabe-a06f-488a-87c7-abde80691927.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: dave-eggers-dead/index.html
_type: Article

---
One of surfing's tall tales dies of apparent heart attack.

**I went looking for famous surfer**turned dropout Dave Eggers once on the Salton Sea. It is a strange world out there in the middle of California's desert. A "sea" was formed, or rather re-formed, accidentally in 1905 when engineers were attempting to irrigate the area for farming. It was then thought to be a wonder and many people built vacation homes.

Today, the water has resided and toxic dust delivers cancer to the few inhabitants who think that levels will rise again and they will be sitting on primo waterfront property. Dave worked here, somewhere, I was told in a bar. I went looking but never found him and today, at 45, he is dead of an apparent heart attack.

Much has been made of his prodigious rise as a young surfer, his fall into drugs and later diagnosed schizophrenia. Matt Warshaw wrote the most**[beautiful eulogy today][0],**or maybe just the most fitting. As a younger man I heard the tale of Dave Eggers and how he fell into drugs then disappeared. For some reason I thought he came back as Dave Eggers the author and thought, "What a brilliant story. Surf star to drug addict to best-seller." It's too bad that his story, and most stories like his, generally end in the dumps. Fucking drugs.

[David Eggers][1]from[ENCYCLOPEDIA of SURFING videos][2]on[Vimeo][3].

[0]: http://encyclopediaofsurfing.com/eos-blog/rip-david-eggers-1970-2015/
[1]: https://vimeo.com/54733122
[2]: https://vimeo.com/eos4u
[3]: https://vimeo.com/